Translation corrections (#337)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/kake_082.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f5e6d3>前野</color>", NULL, "<color=#f5e6d3>Maeno</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s20/00/vtk2_maeno2237", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「あれ、前に言ってなかったっけか？",

> 			NULL, "\"Huh? I didn't tell you that before?", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Huh? Didn't I tell you that before?", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#9d7f69>巴</color>", NULL, "<color=#9d7f69>Tomoe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s20/28/vtk2_tomoe2291", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「私より年配の…それも、スキルと知識がはるか上の偉い人たちにプロファイリング分析の必要性と協力の要請をするなんて、まさしく釈迦に説法な気分だったんですから！」",

> 			NULL, "\"Making me explain to people older than me... top-brass people far more skilled and knowledgeable than me... the necessity of profiling analysis and asking for their help? I felt like I was teaching fish to swim!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Making me explain the necessity of profiling analysis to people older than me... top-brass people far more skilled and knowledgeable than me... and asking for their help? I felt like I was teaching fish to swim!\"", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"Nagisa-san...", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s20/28/vtk2_tomoe2309", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "まだまだクリアするものは多いけど、何とか頑張れそうよ。",

> 			NULL, " There are still so many things I need to accomplish, but it looks I'll succeed.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " There are still so many things I need to accomplish, but I think I can do it.", Line_WaitForInput);
```
